feat(action-bar): Add menu to ActionBar (#1585)
Workday/canvas-kit: modules/react/action-bar/stories/ActionBar.stories.mdx

import {Specifications} from '@workday/canvas-kit-docs';

import {Basic} from './examples/Basic';
import {Icons} from './examples/Icons';
import {OverflowActionBar} from './examples/OverflowActionBar';

<Meta title="Components/Buttons/Action Bar/React" component={ActionBar} />

# Canvas Kit Action Bar

Action Bar is a [compound component](/getting-started/for-developers/resources/compound-components/)

> contains primary and secondary actions related to a page or task.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that contains primary and secondary actions related to a page or task.
```

### Basic Example

`ActionBar` includes a container `ActionBar` component and the following subcomponent:
`ActionBar.List` which should contains `ActionBar.Item`.

> In a basic example of an `ActionBar` there is two buttons. The primary action button should be used

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a basic example of an `ActionBar` there are two buttons. The primary action button should be used
```

> only once and left aligned followed by secondary buttons. Tertiary Buttons should not be on the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
only once and left aligned if content is left to right, followed by secondary buttons. Tertiary buttons should not be on the
```

Action Bar.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Basic} />

### Icons Example

> `ActionBar.Item` is a button, so it's possible to use other Button props with `ActionBar.Item` such

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ActionBar.Item` renders a `PrimaryButton` or `SecondaryButton`, so it's possible to use other Button props with `ActionBar.Item` such
```

as `icon` or `size`.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={Icons} />

### Overflow Example

`ActionBar` container can contain up to 3 actions and an Overflow Menu if there are more than 3

> actions. 4th item and other remaining actions should be placed into an Overflow Menu that is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
actions, the other remaining actions should be placed into an Overflow Menu that is
```

launched by clicking the Overflow Button.

> To using an overflow behavior in ActionBar `showOverflowButton` prop should be passed to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use the overflow behavior in ActionBar `showOverflowButton` prop should be passed to
```

> `ActionBar.List` and `ActionBar.Menu.Popper` structure should be placed inside `ActionBar`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ActionBar.List` and `ActionBar.Menu.Popper` component should be used inside `ActionBar`
```

component.

Also, ActionBar is a responsive component based on the width of its container. If the rendered
actions exceed the width of the `ActionBar.List`, an overflow menu will be rendered. This only works
against the dynamic API where you give the `ActionBarModel` an array of items to be rendered. The
dynamic API handles the React `key` for you based on the item's identifier. The dynamic API requires
either an `id` on each item object or a `getId` function that returns an identifier based on the
item. The below example uses an `id` property on each item.

The dynamic API takes in any object, but since nothing is known about your object, a
[render prop](https://reactjs.org/docs/render-props.html) is necessary to instruct a list how it
should render.

<ExampleCodeBlock code={OverflowActionBar} />

## Components

### ActionBar

#### Usage

`ActionBar` is a container component that is responsible for creating a `ActionBarModel` and sharing
it with its subcomponents using React context. It does not represent a real element.

```tsx

> <ActionBar items={[]}>{/* Child components */}</Tabs>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<ActionBar items={[]}>{/* Child components */}</ActionBar>
```

```

Alternatively, you may pass in a model using the hoisted model pattern.

```tsx
const model = useActionBarModel({
  items: [],
});

<ActionBar model={model}>{/* Child components */}</ActionBar>;
```

## Props

Note that if you pass in a `model` configured with `useActionBarModel`, configuration props passed
to `ActionBar` will be ignored.

<ArgsTable of={ActionBar} />

### ActionBar.List

#### Usage

`ActionBar.List` is a `HStack` element. It is a container for `ActionBar.Item` subcomponents. To
apply an overflow behavior for ActionBar `showOverflowButton` prop shold be true.

```tsx
<ActionBar.List>{/* ActionBar.Items */}</ActionBar.List>
```

#### Props

Undocumented props are spread to the underlying `HStack` element.

<ArgsTable of={ActionBar.List} />

### ActionBar.Item

#### Usage

`ActionBar.Item` is a `button` element, by default it's a `SecondaryButton` unless `isPrimaryButton`
prop passed.

```tsx
<ActionBar.Item isPrimaryButton onClick={() => console.log('it's first')}>

>     First Tab

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    First Button
```
